---
title: Homework
module: 2
jotted: false
---

# Homework 2


<a href="https://github.com/Montana-Media-Arts/441-WebTech-Spring2024-Examples/tree/master/Week%202" target="_blank">Example from this week</a>

For your homework this week, create a web page that uses the console.log and adds some comments. You are welcome to make something display on the page like an image or something.

1. Execute the log from a separate JavaScript file that you link to from your HTML document.
    - Use the script tag at the end of your HTML document to do this
2. The <b>console.log</b> should include;
    - 3 of your favorite websites
    - 3 of your favorite games if you play any - they can be board games, etc.
    - 3 of your favorite artists and their cultural importance
   
3. You should set a primary background color for your document using a style element within the HTML document's head element.

In addition, go to either <a href="https://openai.com/blog/chatgpt">ChatGPT</a> or <a href="https://copilot.microsoft.com/" target="_blank">Copilot</a> and have one of them create the homework for you.

In this week's readme.md, provide a reflection of what was created by you compared to what ChatGPT or Copilot created for you.  Also take some time to think about how you would feel if you only used the output from a generative AI model.  Do you think you could adequately explain the code that was written?  Do you think that the work is still yours?

Your directory should look like the following;

```
Git-Repo
├── HW-1/
├── HW-2/
│   ├── index.html
│   ├── readme.md
│   └── script.js
├── README.md
└── index.html
```

Also, you will answer the question in the week-2 Moodle forum and submit your GitHub repository link in Moodle.
