---
title: Homework
module: 5
jotted: false
---

# Homework

This week, we are going to start creating a memory-matching game. Imagine a game where you have ten squares, and you need to pick two squares and see if they match. If they match, the player receives a point, and those images appear; if they don’t match, the program should hide the pictures again.

After choosing the second image, it should count as a single attempt. Summarize all the attempts and send those to a final summary page after matching all the images. You will use arrays, loops, if statements, cookies or the query string, and the Math functions (particularly random) to do this. Also, it’s possible you might need to use some debugging tools too. Whew! It seems like a lot, especially in one week. So, we are going to break it up.

This week, we are going to focus on creating an array of images and an array of blanks. You will print out all the blank images from your blank array. You will also create an array of randomized images in your actual image array. This one will be a little trickier because you must determine if an image is already in the array twice. Make the size of both arrays set to ten.

Once those two arrays are built, you are to create and display the first blank array. Then, if the user clicks on a blank image, the corresponding image from the actual image array should appear.  

**You do not need to go further for this week.**

Specifics:

1. Create two arrays of size 12 - one with blank images and another with actual images
2. Display the blank array images on the screen (3 rows and 4 columns OR 4 rows and 3 columns).
3. If the user clicks on the blank image, it should display the actual image.
4. Use for loops to display the images
5. Use random to randomize how the images are placed into the arrays
6. Use ChatGPT/Copilot/Gemini/Claude to create something similar and write a reflection paper on your experience.

## Homework 5 Example

[Example files](https://github.com/Montana-Media-Arts/441-WebTech-Spring2025-Examples/tree/master/Week%205)

